hey award of YouTube is your buddy be 2j
135 first of all just want to say sorry
for being so late on making this video
guys I was waiting for my sweater to
come in the mail and never came well it
did come in but it was the wrong one go
figure even assholes but anyway
we got a battle here with frosty the
ninja it is a double battle i had on
stream back in November like the first
weekend thing and it was actually a
pretty good battle um other than that I
just wanted to say sorry again for you
know posting so late I you know just
waiting for my scooter because I wanted
the most professional quality come in
and this does sound good but sometimes
this microphone like bugs out and it'll
drop sinking synchronized I don't know
what the word is looking for like you'll
only hear the right side instead of the
left side so but as long as you guys can
bear with me today I'll try as get in
many videos as I can't then until I can
get enough money to buy the correct
sweater from amazon hate sicken stupid
man oh that's terrible anyway no
worry about my problems its natural
products ok I'll stop this enough so you
might hear like doing all that ships in
sorry about that but let's see he's
going to start off with his dust noir
and relic amp that shiny relic amp that
thing is a threat and I'm gonna start
off my my shedinja and my ferrothorn you
know it's set up rocks I'm gonna go for
the whole cause instead of sword stance
because normally you would see a shed in
tune with sword stance I found out
earlier this
generation as you say that shedinja
doesn't normally learn swords dance
through june four or five or six because
I guess gamefreak did something about it
and they don't want it tomorrow swords
dance because I guess they deem that
just too much power and it's not good
enough for it so you're forced to use
baton pass sets or stupid a home claws
like I have to so the only way just just
going to save it's the only way to
legitimately get a engine with
swords dance is to bring it from gym
three because you can teach or ninjask
when it involves at a certain level gets
swords dance as a level up move and as
you level it up and teacher swords dance
I believe that's the way she did you get
sources so that's the only one legally
to hexen in jumeirah soy stands and then
you transfer that over because they deem
that is legal and then as long as it's
from jin three it's loud so that's all
that is now back to the battle I lost my
shedinja obviously because I have the
stupid home cause and I'm gonna go for
shadow sneak instead of phantom force
really i didn't know it had phantom
force before i made it now i'm gonna go
ahead and reteach a fan of force because
i think is a better move until poke that
comes out and I'm gonna go for rocks
obviously so I can set up a hazard at
least one has a son now burnt I was
going to go for the power whip on his
relic camp but he switched it out into
his mullet res which is even worse for
me cuz now I have to deal with heat wave
if if he has it at this point I'm like
maybe he doesn't have a heat wave maybe
he's one of those agility says but I'm
just gonna go for the swords dance and
then go for the power whip as I said
before and now he's gonna go for the
willow wish I was trying to you know
bait out the willow this is Miss and it
did not miss so I have to suffer the
consequences of a burn danger / now
because I made him silly mistake and I
should not that bad oh uh then win some
you lose some right anyway I'm gonna go
ahead for the shadow sneak now as he's
gonna go for the head the dreaded the
dreaded heatwave and I'm like oh
he does have a heat wave because i'm
actually going you think i would go for
the destin or at this point I'm seeing
motorized is more of a threat and look
at that chicken no problem it's
basically negative 2 because I went for
the short stance and instead if I didn't
go for sources I would be like negative
4 in the US attack so I went up just a
little bit if I had the more swords
dance I would have been a little bit
better but as you can see it wasn't
enough so now I have to deal with
motorist and dust no are still in the
field the store isn't really a big
problem because i do have you a my ab
saw and then for motorists i have the
challenge play neo motor is so motor is
meet meet your match really motorist
needle of Challon same is way better
than montrose could ever wish to be cuz
of gale winds emotions guide ghillies as
a hidden ability man man oh my god roost
hurt hurricane hello Oh be terrible cook
something but it doesn't get it he'll be
a dream come true though oh my god
that'd be awesome but um i'm just gonna
go for the brave bird coming in like a
rock and destroying that Moltres and
then i'm gonna go for the source ants
after I Megan involved d way into his
true form mega absol and he's gonna go
for thunderpunch I was like ok he's
probably gonna go for either willow with
sore thunderpunch but I have the magic
bounce so he's probably not gonna go for
willow is but he could have been like
misclicked and I could he could have got
in trouble but he's gonna go for the
Thunder pressure on my talonflame I'm
not gonna get the paralysis luckily and
now he's going to bring this relic a
fear and I'm thinking okay that's fine
real camp you could stay and no problem
but I'm just gonna go for a sucker punch
on his relic camp just to see how much
it does and he shows as well camp it's
pretty good in the defensive range
take them no problem now i'm going to go
for the brave bird or who he is dust
noir before dishonor has a chance to do
anything else stupid to anything else
and i'm gonna get rid of that now he's
going to go for the obvious rock slide
because i don't have enemies I don't
know he doesn't have really anything to
hit both Pokemon at once except for
oxide you don't ever see served relic am
just not a thing really can't actually
is a pretty good popular it's got decent
bulk and it's got a really good attacked
and then it's got the rocky helmet with
hedge mash ah that's that's a really
good set but I'm just gonna bring in my
dough became Dragonborn here and then
he's gonna go for another probably
another rock slide I believe I'm gonna
go for a sucker punch it won't pollito
why did that kill politoed I don't know
what his poncho is bread I don't know
what maybe it's modest cuz most time I
see politoed is either like old or
something but I'm just gonna go for the
suck brush take it out and then go for
the water frog unbolting that even this
is not choice banned by the way this is
a true belly drum set and you saw how
much they did I sounds kind of like wow
not bad not bad and zoom Rosa boss ok
and now I'm just gonna go for the sucker
punch once again on
chandelure because I don't watch and
learn to do anything crazy because you
know it does get energy ball and that
would really hurt a zoomare oh so I
don't want that thing to get any chance
anything so I'm just gonna take it out
right now as he's gonna go for the
dazzling gleam we're just gonna take out
my ab saw and then I'm gonna oh for
the final attack waterfall on that man
of time cereal master how many bowls of
cereal and take it out in one shot
speaking of which I'm actually about to
eat breakfast 1157 others no minute
lunch time but it's still morning for me
and I'm not gonna eat lunch until
probably about two o'clock Jamel comes
over gravel out in super smash brothers
brawl project m three point oh I can't
wait but i do wanna thank you guys very
much for watching please make sure to
leave a like comment i was loving you
guys comments please if new your new
viewers make sure you subscribe for more
intense battles more let's plays i would
just say one little thing because of the
Nintendo Content ID claims is going on
right now and yes i did get strike twice
for one was for super smash brothers
brawl on the other ones for a trailer of
pokemon i probably all my lesser place
are probably going to go to twitch we'll
see what happens but for when i get my
legend of zelda coming in i'm probably
going to do a stream on twitch so just
so you guys know but for right now once
again thank you guys very much for
watching and stay tuned for more bus
let's play his Wi-Fi battles pokemon all
that good jazz and I got a glee so I'm
out of here be to Jay 135 signing out i
love you guys i'm sorry for keeping you
waiting so yeah just wait a little
longer they'll be another battle